[singing in Japanese]
[narrator] After
leaving the Nautilus,
Jean's plane was shot down
over a remote island
where Grandis and
her gang were waiting.
While exploring the island,
Jean and Nadia came upon
a small girl named Marie
who had survived an attack
that had killed her family.
Marie told them of
the mysterious soldiers
who had chased
her into the woods.
Meanwhile, Grandis and her boys
had problems of their own.
Jean and Nadia told Marie
that her parents were dead.
Overcome with grief,
Marie tried not to believe them.
Will their new charge
help them discover
the secret of Blue Water?
[crickets chirping]
[leaves rustling]
[Jean] Hmm.
[Marie] Let me see.
There's a nice big
church near our house.
Let's see.
-In this area, hmm?
-Uh-hmm.
Me and Mama and Papa went
there for services every Sunday.
You did?
You're a good girl.
[Marie giggles]
[Jean]
That's obviously the church.
So that means--huh?
[vehicle approaching]
What is that?
Huh?
That truck is being pulled
around by the robot?
But no, maybe the truck
operates it like a human tank.
Huh?
-[soldier 1] Neo Atlan!
-[soldier 2] Neo Atlan.
The children
have not yet been found.
When they are captured,
the girl is not to be harmed.
-[soldier 1] Understood.
-[soldier 2] Very well,
-return to your post.
-[soldier 1] Understood!
[Jean] Children.
They're looking for us.
Just as I thought!
The girl is not to be harmed.
He's talking about Nadia.
But why?
I need to find that port.
I'm here, so that must be north.
Then, this is the road
Marie told me about.
Right.
[Marie] The port?
It's a place where all
the ships come to rest.
Oh, I know what that is.
It's right down
the road by our church.
It's a big place with all
sorts of ships floating in it.
Papa always took me there.
[Nadia] How nice.
I'm sure you enjoyed that.
Hmm.
They've got it locked up tight.
I'll never be
able to sneak in there.
Look at all those crates.
I wonder what's inside of them.
Goodness! There at
the top, it's bright as day.
Even Paris doesn't
have this many lights.
But I don't see any power lines.
Aha!
They run them up the mountain.
I guess that building
is a power plant.
-[alarm blaring]
-Huh?
[man gasps, yells]
[gasps]
[gunshots]
-My goodnight kiss?
-Your what?
Goodnight kiss.
Mama always gives me one.
Have sweet dreams, Marie.
-That's wrong.
-[Nadia] Hmm?
You have to say, "Goodnight, my
dear Marie," like Mama says it.
Oh, please forgive me.
Goodnight, my dear Marie.
[Marie] Goodnight, Mama.
[Nadia sobbing]
Go to sleep,
King. I'm all right.
[birds chirping]
[Jean] The soldiers
are all over the town and port.
Anyone else in the island is
either dead or soon to be dead.
[Nadia] How do you know that?
[Jean] Because those men
are all murderers.
But we need to find
the living ones
and help them get out of here.
[Nadia] How do
you plan to find them?
-[Jean] I--we'll have to--
-[Nadia] You don't know, do you?
[Jean] What do you want from me?
If you have a brilliant plan,
please tell me what it is.
I don't, but you don't
know whether--
Hey, are you two having a
lover's quarrel?
[both] Be quiet!
I'm sorry, Marie.
We're just talking loud.
We did not mean to frighten you.
And we're sorry.
Oh, okay. That's good.
[laughter]
You must keep in mind that there
is very little that we can do.
You have to keep
Marie's welfare in mind too.
[Nadia] You don't
have to tell me that.
I know we have to
keep her out of danger.
[Jean] All right.
Now I think that the center
of their operation
is in the middle of
the open mine we saw.
I'll have to find
out more tonight.
Marie, you shouldn't go outside.
-It's not safe out there.
-Okay.
[gasps]
Look at all the pretty flowers.
[laughs]
-[King growling]
-You sit down, King.
[Nadia] You can't go, Jean.
It's much too dangerous
for you to go there alone.
There's no choice.
See, there may be innocent
people imprisoned there,
-and I must find them.
-Don't do it!
Listen to me, Nadia.
Everything
we know about the island
is only what Marie
has told us in her stories.
Just a map.
What we need is some information
that can help people.
-But--
-No need to worry.
I have already figured out
a way to get in there
without being detected.
-Jean...
-[Jean] I'm leaving.
If we're going to
get off this island,
then we'll need
to start taking some risks.
[Nadia sighs]
[Marie] Yellow
one, white one, red one.
Don't you love
pretty flowers, King?
[sneezes]
[laughing]
I'm going to make
a lovely necklace
for Mookie to wear in heaven.
Oh.
Ah, that's the best one.
[soldier] Shall I get that
for you, little girl?
Yes. [gasps]
[King growls]
[Marie screams]
[both gasps]
-[Marie] Mama!
-Get down!
Help! Help!
-Mama, please.
-Marie!
Quiet.
They'll catch us if you yell.
[Marie] Can
you hear me, Mama? Mama!
They are waiting to see if
anyone will come out to save her
so they can
capture them as well.
[screaming]
[soldier] No
sign of the others, sir.
[commander] I see.
Take them back to base.
[soldier]
Understood. Let's move out!
[Marie] Mama!
Help us! Mama!
Mama, please.
Let's go now, Nadia.
All right.
Marie, be brave.
We are coming to save you.
♪ The Secret Blue Water
[birds chirping]
[Jean] See that smoke?
That's the place.
I think the base is located
under that castle.
And that's where
they've taken them?
Seems like
the logical choice, doesn't it?
-[Nadia] Uh-hmm.
-Then let's go get them.
[both pants]
[Jean] Hmm.
Well, this old mine is darker
than I expected.
Oh, that's really bright.
When did you invent it?
Well, actually, I kind of
borrowed this from the Nautilus.
Oh.
Marie told me that the power
plant covers a large area.
So this electrical conduit
should lead us
right to the center of it.
You mean
there's electricity in here?
-Hmm?
-Hey!
Don't you know there's enough
power in that high-voltage line
to kill a man
three times your size?
[yelps]
What are you doing?
[Jean] That's the way out!
Just as I thought.
We're right under the base.
Be careful.
Okay.
[men grunting]
Those must be
the island's inhabitants.
How terrible.
Look, down there.
[gasps]
They built an entire lake.
[Nadia] That's the base,
isn't it?
[Jean] It must be.
That must be the power plant.
And look how
many smokestacks it has.
I wonder what that tower is for.
It can't be a good antenna.
[Nadia] It's glowing.
[Jean] Is it made of glass?
What purpose
could it possibly serve?
[Nadia] Is that the castle
over there?
[Jean] It sure looks like it.
I have to admit,
this is amazing.
Such a great design.
But what is it all for?
You mean, you don't know
what they'd do with this?
Yes.
But we're going to need
to get a much closer look.
Huh? Go!
[tense music playing]
[Jean] Hmm, what is this?
A conveyor belt?
I wonder what this transports.
[both gasps]
-[man grunting]
-[gasps]
[exhales] This is
all too much for me.
I did not
expect to see her here.
-What is she up to?
-[guard] You there!
Yes, you slattern,
get on your feet and
put your back into your work!
If you like working so much,
why don't you grab a shovel?
What was that?
How can you make
a pretty girl like me
work so hard?
I'm sure your mother
would be ashamed of you.
Hold your tongue.
[grunting]
Let me... [grunting]
Hmm.
You'll pay for that! [grunts]
[Hanson chuckles]
And that takes care of that.
Well done, boys. That'll
teach them not to mess with us.
You know, in a modern century
such as ours,
this brutish menial labor
is completely uncalled for.
Here we go. [grunting]
Oh, well.
What do you say we make
a run for it, Ms. Grandis?
Hey, what's wrong?
Hmm.
[commander] If
you dislike work so much,
we'll be glad
to take you to a nicer place.
Well, considering that
we haven't been fed all day,
it's about time.
[laughs]
The accommodations
in the brig are Spartan
but at least
you won't have to work.
-Take them away!
-[soldier] Understood!
-Come with me.
-[Grandis] Gently! Gently!
Ow! You're hurting me!
Oh, this is no
way to treat a lady!
-Oh! Oh, no, you don't!
-We better go.
-[shovel clatters]
-Huh?
Strange.
Hey! Who shut down
this conveyor belt?
We're at full
operational status!
[soldier] Understood!
We'll start it immediately!
[both sighs]
[shovel clattering]
[Nadia] Are you sure
this is the best way to go?
We will get caught if
we move around up top too much,
so we'll follow
this to the castle.
We're going to
get filthy in here.
It can't be helped.
This isn't a social outing.
You're right.
We need to get this done.
[drill whirring]
-[conveyor belt humming]
-[screams]
[gasps]
[screaming]
-Nadia!
-[Nadia screaming]
[grunts]
[Nadia screaming]
[Jean screaming]
[grunts] That was unexpected.
-Look! Down there!
-Huh?
[Nadia] That's
the second sea monster.
It was yet another
submarine after all.
Probably the one
that sunk my father's ship.
Someone is coming out.
[soldiers] Neo Atlan!
Kneel, mankind!
Neo Atlan! Kneel, mankind!
I wonder who he is.
-Someone important.
-Hmm.
[soldiers]
Neo Atlan! Kneel, mankind!
Neo Atlan!
[commander] We welcome you home,
Lord Gargoyle.
[Gargoyle] Yes.
[soldiers] Kneel, mankind!
[Gargoyle] Have
you found the girl?
[commander] No, sir.
But we do have some
powerful bait to draw her to us.
[Gargoyle] Be swift.
I don't care how,
just so she is taken alive.
[soldier] Understood.
I cannot believe
how large this organization is.
Uh-hmm.
Neo Atlan, what does that mean?
[screams] It's a blast furnace!
[machinery whirring]
[panting]
If we stay up here,
we'll be mulched into dust.
We need to get down there.
Whoa!
[Nadia] It's getting hotter!
[both panting]
[tense music playing]
[Jean panting]
[grunts] Over here, Jean!
Grab my hand!
[screams]
[machinery whirring]
[Gargoyle] What is your progress
with the artificial Orihalcon?
[Chief] We show a delay of 0.01%
but we're confident it will be
ready in time for the test.
[Gargoyle] Uh-hmm.
[Nadia] I've never felt
heat like this before.
[Jean] We have to endure it.
We can't afford
to be seen outside.
[Nadia] Maybe so.
I prefer getting caught
to falling in there.
Of course.
-Ow! Oh, oh!
-Jean!
[sighs]
[suspenseful music playing]
[yelps]
[both grunts]
-[Jean panting]
-[Nadia] Are you all right?
[Jean] Uh-huh.
[continue panting]
Please don't give me
any more scares like that.
Oh.
Huh.
[Jean groans]
[steam whistling]
[machinery whirring]
Interesting.
They are manufacturing
large glass blocks
out of molten crystal.
What do they use those for?
-[sighs] One track mind.
-Hmm?
It is a fully automated plant,
that is good for us since no one
is here attending the machines.
But they do have guards.
[both gasps]
[Nadia] So what do we do now?
There should be fewer guards
around once night falls,
so we should be able
to sneak inside
under the conveyor mechanism.
Hmm.
[Chief] The artificial
Orihalcon incorporates all
of our scientific
discoveries to date.
Theoretically, it will perform
precisely according to
our original plans.
[Gargoyle]
Theories are of no use to me.
Its practical application
is my only concern.
[machine buzzing]
What is this?
What is causing this?
[gasps]
-Hey, what is happening?
-I don't know.
-It's never done this.
-Oh.
Whoa!
[Chief] It's--it's never reacted
in this manner before.
[Gargoyle] Investigate this.
Find out
what it's responding to.
[Chief] Understood.
Could it be
detecting Nadia's Blue Water?
[gasps] My!
-[alarm blaring]
-[both gasps]
[Jean] Oh, heavens!
[soldier] I found them! Move it!
On the double!
-They're coming!
-Jean, it's my fault.
-[soldier 1] There they go!
-[soldier 2] Stop!
Stop or we'll shoot!
[gunshots]
[Jean groaning]
Jean.
Please don't be frightened.
It's only a scratch.
[groans]
[engine rumbling]
[grunts] That's good.
Thanks so much.
[commander]
We know you're up there!
You are surrounded
and you have no hope of escape.
Surrender to
us without incident.
Oh, darn it!
-Jean, look.
-Huh?
That tunnel could be our way
out of here.
-No, just for you.
-Huh?
Take this with you
and get up there quickly
-as soon as I run off.
-Huh?
[commander] I will give you
until the count of five,
then we will fire.
Do you understand?
One!
You go! I will distract them.
I am the one person
they want to keep alive.
[commander] Two!
[sighs] Okay.
But I'll come back.
I will find you no matter what.
I'll wait for you.
[commander] Three!
Nadia, I...
[commander] Four!
[Jean gasps]
Mama's kiss.
[commander] Five!
[soldiers] Huh?
[commander] Hold your fire!
That's the one
Lord Gargoyle wants alive.
After her!
[soldier 1]
Don't let her get away!
[soldier 2] She went this way!
[soldier 3] Take her!
-[soldier 4] This way!
-[soldier 5] Stop right there!
Do not move! Grab her!
[commander] Come along quietly.
Report this to
Lord Gargoyle immediately.
[sobbing] Nadia.
[singing in Japanese]